feat: enable colored caption bar on Windows (#18282)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/gui_w32.txt

        set VIM_KEYCODE_TRANS_STRATEGY=experimental
        gvim.exe
<

> Keycode translation strategy			*w32-caption-bar-setting*

Reviewer: That title seems to be misleading

The color of caption bar is seem as an extension of the background.
So before Windows 11 the color will obey the value of 'background',

> and after Windows 11 the color will obey the value of |:hi-normal|,

Reviewer: I suppose you mean:
```suggestion
and starting with Windows 11 the color will obey the value of |:hi-normal|,
```

        set VIM_KEYCODE_TRANS_STRATEGY=experimental
        gvim.exe
<

> Caption Bar's Behaviour			    *gui-w32-caption-bar-behaviour*

Reviewer: I had to look up the term caption bar. I think title bar is more common, so I'd prefer to use that one.

Author: You can decide it when merging, I choose this because Microsoft use "caption" in its documents.
